well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about uh a
tone
that is kind of sweeping the nation
the election isn't even resolved yet at
the time of filming
and it wasn't resolved at the time of
this message
but something happened to me and i guess
because it happened to me i have to
assume that it's going to happen to
other people
and they're going to be in this
situation and i'm not really giving
advice
but i'm going to tell you how i handled
it and why
i've told you before i have a
a tight group of friends very close
circle of friends we've known each other
a very long time i think the newest
addition to this little circle
was like 10 years ago most of us have
known each other
20 years and we are
tight we are a group of people
who will back each other up no matter
what
in any situation we're there for each
other
in 2016 some of them supported trump
as soon as he started enacting
the policies down on the border nobody
did
that was a line too far that was
something they wouldn't cross
most of my friends are former military
contractors
it's not a demographic known for their
ethical compass
but that was too much for them at that
moment they're like nope can't support
this
because although they may not seem like
the most
moral group from the outside that they
do have morals and they're just
different than everybody else's
most of them had seen asylum seekers or
refugees with their own eyes
when you see people in that situation
just
trying to get somewhere safe becomes
very hard to condemn them
ever again
so although during the election
back then yeah we had arguments and
debates and they got heated
as soon as it became real they chose the
right side
and those conversations never happened
again so
a lot of the problems that other people
have had
i haven't had to deal with not among my
close friends
because my close friends had the
integrity to see
wrong for wrong regardless of party
however there's that other group of
friends that you have
you know you have your your close circle
and then you have those others that you
know you hang out with you like you
you know you're friends with but they're
not like those
other friends they can't be counted on
in the same way they're not that tight
circle
some of them did not withdraw their
support from trump
when those policies started getting
enacted
and i never spoke to him again and i
don't mean this
in the in some form of hyperbole
i never spoke to them again and i didn't
miss anything
i don't feel like i lost anything in
that time
tonight one of them messaged me
and said hey you know one way or the
other no matter how the election turns
out
you know the intense political cycle or
however it was phrased
is over we can move past this now
and i remember looking at my laptop and
saying
can we allow and close my laptop i
didn't respond
and i have no intention of responding
it's not politics that wasn't
politics that was morality
this was somebody who had no problem
supporting the idea of ripping children
from
parents because they crossed some
imaginary line on a map
but apparently it's too much
to distance yourself from somebody who
crosses a moral line
i don't believe that's true
i don't have any intention
trying to rekindle relationships
that were terminated over the last four
years
none i don't intend on doing that
because it's not politics
morality doesn't run
on an election cycle you either have it
or you don't
don't feel i need people like that in my
life
and i understand this runs counter to
the tone
that a lot of people are trying to set
right now
they want reconciliation they want to
begin the healing
we should forgive
you can't heal until you address the
wound
until then it's not going to heal
not properly and it's something that we
have a problem with in this country
from the very beginning from the very
beginning
we don't like to address our moral
failures
you know we justify it and say oh well
you know
that was just the times nobody knew any
better it was a necessary evil
no it wasn't other countries had already
done away with slavery
we had founders who were abolitionists
it wasn't necessary and people did know
better
but we keep up that lie because we never
addressed it
and there are incidents like that
throughout all
of american history where we just
refused to address it
until it got so distant so far into the
past
we could pretend that it was okay it was
just a different time
no it doesn't work
eventually the scars of those wounds the
scars of history will burst
open the reason germany
was able to move on was because they
addressed it
we did this they looked at it they saw
it
then they were able to move on
we need to do the same thing and i am
worried
because of the tone that people are
already striking
we don't even have the election
determined yet
and people are already talking about
reaching across the aisle
and healing yeah it's easy for us
out here to heal there are still kids
who don't know where their parents are
right now
this didn't happen in the past
it's still occurring at this moment
and we're talking about healing now
we have to address the wound first
it needs to be very public we have to
talk about what we did
everything that happened needs to be
laid
bare and we have to admit our faults
until that happens there's no
reconciliation there's no healing
it's not something that's going to move
the country forward
it's just a cover-up
it's just omitting history and it's one
of those things that
you know the people who are going to
want to do that the most
and just move on they're the same people
who have been fighting over statues
from 100 years ago
i'm not ready for that until the moral
failings
of large portions of this country are
laid bare
discussed examined and we figure out why
they happened
i'm not ready for reconciliation i'm not
ready to heal
because the knife's still in the wound
we can't move forward until it's all
exposed
until then yeah
there may be forgiveness for these
people but it's between them and their
god
has nothing to do with me because i have
no desire
to interact with them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day